Net-DNS-Extlang

This module implements the DNS extension language described in this draft:

https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-levine-dnsextlang/

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

USE WITH Net::DNS

While Net::DNS::Extlang can load rrtype descriptions from either a
text file or the DNS, when invoked automatically by Net::DNS to handle
an unknown rrtype it only reads from the DNS.  

The dnsextlang draft proposes that rrtype data be stored at
{rrname,rrtype}.arpa, which is the default in Net::DNS since version
1.07.  Until then, you'll have to set the DNS location yourself by
setting $DNSEXTLANG in Net::DNS::Parameters.  For the time being, the
author has put rrtype data at {rrname,rrtype}.services.net, so you can
put this in your program after you include Net::DNS 

    $Net::DNS::Parameters::DNSEXTLANG = 'services.net.';

Rather than loading Net::DNS::Extlang into the process that's using
Net::DNS, when it sees an unknown rrname or rrtype, it does the DNS
lookup to find the rr description and then passes the description to
the external program RRTYPEgen, which compiles the description into a
perl module Net::DNS::RR::<typename>.  Net::DNS reads the compiled
module and uses it the same way it uses a built-in RR module.

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc Net::DNS::Extlang

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Net-DNS-Extlang

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Net-DNS-Extlang

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Net-DNS-Extlang

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Net-DNS-Extlang/


LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2017 John Levine

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
